# Football-Team-Battle-Database-System
A football team battle database where users collect player cards, build teams, and compete. Matches depend on team ratings and chemistry. Winners earn reward packs with random players. Data on users, players, teams, and matches is fully managed in SQL.

First, after logging in each user will get random 30 players of 60 to 70 overall rating as cards in their team. They will form a team of 11 players consisting 3 forwards, 3 midfielders, 4 defenders and 1 Goalkeeper. After forming a team, player will compete against another user. Whoever wins will get a pack. There will 3 type of packs. Golden, Silver and Bronze. Player who wins will either get a golden pack(30% chance) or silver pack(70%). Player who loses will either get a Silver pack(30%) or bronze pack(70%). Gold pack will have 5 players rating between 81-91, Silver pack will have 5 players rating between 71-80 and bronze pack will have 5 players rating between 60-70.  The player limit  is 32, so if a user has 32 players in their account they have to remove a player to get a player from a pack . Users will battle other users and make a better team. The winning condition of each team will depend on the overall rating of each team. It will also depend on the sync of the team. If one midfielder and one defender is both from the same nationality the team will gain 5 extra rating because of the chemistry. One card can only play 10 matches and then it will automatically get removed. The pack opening has a probability factor. In gold pack, from the 5 players the chances of each player being rated 90-91(5% chance), 87-89(15%), 84-86(30%), 81-83(60%). In Silver pack, 79-80(5% chance), 76-78(15%), 73-75(30%), 71-72(60%). In Bronze pack, 69-70(5% chance), 66-68(15%), 63-65(30%), 61-62(60%). There will be a leaderboard of the league.
